SubNav: Add background prop (#575)
steelthreads/agds-next: packages/sub-nav/docs/overview.mdx

	]}
/>
```

> The background of the `SubNav` must match the background it is being placed on. If `SubNav` is placed on 'bodyAlt' background, please set `background="bodyAlt"`.

Reviewer: I think this be placed above the code example, otherwise it could be missed.

> The background of the `SubNav` must match the background it is being placed on. If `SubNav` is placed on 'bodyAlt' background, please set `background="bodyAlt"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The background of the `SubNav` must match the background it is being placed on. For example, if `SubNav` is placed on a `bodyAlt` background, please set the `background` prop to `bodyAlt`.
```
